before we begin let me start by saying
as a man who has lived in the south his
entire life I can attest that it is not
uncommon to have a daddy who run off and
a man who Ogle's his sister would you
put this in space and some telekinesis
and all of a sudden is COO the star
survive movie today
ah hey Lia looky OB Wham the family
don't you Becca that's what folks in my
neck of the woods do Billy Dee and as
the Amish and British would say it Yoder
plate our story continues with Darth
Vader my love then back to Jevons bud
just hit the east side of the Tatooine
rolling down the street we're now Hannes
until they held up at gunpoint and taken
captive by some freaks to become love
slaves story of our lives for some ugly
mafia alone oh I ain't supposed to say
he ugly that's not politically correct
well I'm sure that much like Molly
Ringwald he has a great personality then
r2 spews out some projection of Luke and
apparently he got an upgrade since he
projected Leia and episode Paul because
if she been this size Luke would have
been able to more effortlessly ogle his
justice ChaCha's so Luke offers to trade
a scrap metal photon but just when you
think someone has a great personality
nope you're wrong and party time
oh yeah baby shake what your mama gave
you - nice but I'm sure each of her
sixties got a great personality in walks
a bounty hunter with the family dog
asking Vito for some money in exchange
for the dog sex I don't blame her you
know us us poops at school will be
required to clean up that pets parties
ooh
bill addy and if you thought that tiny
tot was incapable of capturing a Wookiee
four times her size you would be right
how do big dumb idiots like oh let's
just say job get rich and rise to power
would not a damn brain cell to be found
oh he's only out still look like he's
too much McDonald's and like
all-powerful slovenly men Java forces
his women to dress an exotic lingerie
imposing humiliating positions while
pretending they enjoy it we'll look
who's here
your Bubba hey sexy metal muffin
surprise
Luke was standing on the trapdoor to
drop this into a rancor pit where he
must now do battle and Luke just look at
him like you're one ugly [ __ ]
what a great personality but after Luke
survives the predator Jennifer decides
they should all be thrown into the
deserts big bro day warming to the
bellybutton I better just need to lend
to and while they all fight to avoid a
fate of slow digestion in the pits of
this hellhole Luke once called home Leia
choked a great personality right out
that nest a bit they escaped somehow and
while hana has told his flowers to do
who the hell knows what Luke flies to
Bogota
I mean bodega I mean boku day I love
BOGO days especially when the subway do
it while Luke flies to go get his
two-for-one the great crusty evil one
lands wherever the hell Darth Vader is
and tells him he won't that rebellious
Skywalker man so he can spank that
little Jedi Fanny and to speak that way
about him in front of his father
this movie is disgusting and gross oh
this pass and poor little Yoda climbing
his decrepit it's up on his little bunk
and the poor froakie even dimepiece
without this damn whining puss all up in
his face rambling about his daddy
complex
Yoda y'all yeah Benny just hurt then
Yoda mumble something about do not seek
the treasure and do not oh go your
sister's house and then he just fade
away okay pause this is my me of when I
was little and I spend the night at my
Grandmama's and I'd be a place sitting
in the dark watching things I'll not be
watching and she creep up behind me like
what G let's get up out of me I thought
I was being haunted by some obese ghost
okay carry on goth Vader's your daddy
muffin being on which person do my
sister's Tatas reside I need to know so
I don't oh girl them think about that
time the force whispered you being
creepy dumb [ __ ] Leia
yeah those are the tower tiles muffin
and then the rebels convene to discuss a
mission to a shitzu slash vidal from as
good as it gets hybrid infested moon
lead the way han
believe your love with Billy but on the
way looks like oh I can smell my daddy
from here he used a lot of wd-40 to keep
that suit from squeaking plus it smell a
little funky in there cuz I don't think
he's changing since Oh today I was born
look at the color appropriate attire
they have brought with them in their
overnight bags and they have a little
scooter chase with some biker Scout
sense like Hells Angels up in his
mission complete with bodies thrown into
trees Billy attempts to run each other
off the road and Firearms
but Leia gets lost and then rescued by
one of them shih tzus and lair you
better keep your distance
not because he's scary but because my
mama had won them dogs and i don't care
how much she paid the prison brat that
mustache on his face constantly read the
smelly foot cheese but they all make
friends and then darth vader like my kid
off with them hooligans he gonna get
this black belt across that pasty that's
when he got home and the Emperor is like
I'll be looking forward to that
love you muffin then back at the little
puppet planet party yeah I know it's a
moon Luke has a little summit with his
sis [ __ ] and I ain't even gonna talk
about what they say here because it just
full of dirty word like I feel it and I
felt him and I felt it and such a such a
thing then Luke shows up in handcuffs
and turns over his glow-in-the-dark
toilet is that dirty Dan Vader tells
Luke damn for a got some lessons for you
I already learn them ain't fun and he
kind of gross but i'ma just hang around
so he don't off me he's your master now
enjoy and then the obligatory pews and
Boom Boom's while the puppies save Han
Leia and Chewie in the scrap metal from
the Imperial forces with sticks and tiny
mallets and knocking him over with a
cuteness while the pooch is pummeled a
pugnacious potty
Billy Dee off riding hounds woman all
the way to the stars well two deaths die
in a way and what does he find out the
damn best dies locked and loaded and
ready to blast him into oblivion yeah
take that puppets kicking and then we'll
gets blown up this is so sad back on the
desktop Luke is getting mighty angry and
Emperor is enjoying it way too much
creepy bastard and then loose talking up
his daddy and then he stops and then
beta sauce gonna be
and then Luke stops again hidden in
Vedas that's gonna have his son again
hidden in Veda suggests he can turn last
Tatas to the dark side and did Luke stop
good enough his daddy again
and then he stops again and looks like I
didn't try to tell you serious that
you're like a walk in case of chlamydia
so if you don't mind I'd like to keep my
it's on the light side of this false
think ooh and then city of stuff can up
Luke and invaders like nobody gonna
whoop my son but meat there's a damn
good Paul see y'all in the dockside bit
oh here's your supreme leader just
ignore his dying getting dragged alone
by some puny sister okhla when he was
choking y'all y'all was all right there
doing his evil deeds but now he's dying
and you're like who gives the flying
fart the damn ship I'm about to blow it
up and I ain't got to meet Billy Dee and
it looks like I thought my daddy was
going to look like James Earl Jones are
you just a mascot for the California
Raisins and then old Santa go up to join
Amidala but ol load the disappointment
on her face when she sees her man here
looking like a damn dumb got burned and
we're soaking in the tub T long and Luke
escapes and the rebels blow up the Death
Star and Leia breaks the family news to
Han who just sit that again who dis
family who launched the fireworks ever
daddy's funeral rude and then everybody
gets faced and Luke goes on the founda
Jedi Academy and works alongside Kyle
Katarn who stole the Death Star plans
and if you don't know that story your
head is way too far backed up dezhnev
learned if you enjoyed this or any of my
other videos please consider hopping
yourself on over to my patreon page with
these widespread monetization problems
on YouTube this channel depends on
outside support even one dollar one time
could make oh so much a difference be
sure to LIKE share and subscribe feel
regular force of meth you can expect me
to upload more videos about once a week
full movies explained for I'm Jedi of I
mean jib or die you know young
Skywalker's has some cool false powers
and I love them dearly but basically
days just trash